README.md, before:

# tmux-git-worktree

An opinionated plugin to select or create git worktree's and branches, and then open in a new window within the current tmux session.

## Dependencies

 - [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

## Installation with Tmux Plugin Manager (recommended)

Add plugin to the list of [TPM](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) plugins in your `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'NigelGreenway/tmux-git-workflow'
```

Hit <prefix> + I to fetch the plugin and source it.

## Usage

Add the following with your own keybinding to trigger the script in a popup:

```tmux
bind-key C-g display-popup -E -w 80% -h 60% -d "#{pane_current_path}" "<YOUR_PATH_TO_YOUR_TMUX_CONFIG>/plugins/tmux-git-worktree/src/main"
```

## Configuration options

### Enable verbose

When developing or debugging against this plugin, you can set the verbose flag in your config, reload and see any debug statements to help squash a bug or add a new feature.

When not set, it default's to `0` which is off. To enable, set it to `1`.

```tmux
set -g @git-worktree-verbose 1
```

### Ignoring worktrees

You can ignore multiple worktrees with the separator `|`.

```tmux
set -g @git-worktree-ignore-worktrees ".bare|other-worktree"
```

## Development

For safer, isolated development, use Docker to run tests in a containerized Ubuntu environment. This prevents any potential side effects on your host system.

```bash
make docker-build
make docker-test
make docker-clean
```

For more commands, run `make help`.

To run the plugin without loading it into tmux all the time, run `./src/main` in the root of the project to trigger the functionality that would run within the TMUX display-popup.

Commit message:

docs: update readme with demo and problem (#26)
Adds:
 - New video of the demo
 - Further context on the problem I'm solving

closes: #4

Co-authored-by: Nigel Greenway <nigel.greenway@futurepixels.co.uk>

README.md, after:

# tmux-git-worktree

An opinionated plugin to select or create git worktree's and branches, and then open in a new window within the current tmux session.

The problem was down to being lazy: I didn't want to have to create a new tmux window -> create a worktree -> select or create a branch. I mean why when with one keybinding, two input prompts and it's done.

![Demo of tmux git worktree plugin](./assets/demo.webp "Demo of Git Worktree tmux plugin")

## Dependencies

 - [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

## Installation with Tmux Plugin Manager (recommended)

Add plugin to the list of [TPM](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) plugins in your `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'NigelGreenway/tmux-git-workflow'
```

Hit <prefix> + I to fetch the plugin and source it.

## Usage

Add the following with your own keybinding to trigger the script in a popup:

```tmux
bind-key C-g display-popup -E -w 80% -h 60% -d "#{pane_current_path}" "<YOUR_PATH_TO_YOUR_TMUX_CONFIG>/plugins/tmux-git-worktree/src/main"
```

## Configuration options

### Enable verbose

When developing or debugging against this plugin, you can set the verbose flag in your config, reload and see any debug statements to help squash a bug or add a new feature.

When not set, it default's to `0` which is off. To enable, set it to `1`.

```tmux
set -g @git-worktree-verbose 1
```

### Ignoring worktrees

You can ignore multiple worktrees with the separator `|`.

```tmux
set -g @git-worktree-ignore-worktrees ".bare|other-worktree"
```

## Development

For safer, isolated development, use Docker to run tests in a containerized Ubuntu environment. This prevents any potential side effects on your host system.

```bash
make docker-build
make docker-test
make docker-clean
```

For more commands, run `make help`.

To run the plugin without loading it into tmux all the time, run `./src/main` in the root of the project to trigger the functionality that would run within the TMUX display-popup.
